Welcome back to storm redesigns stuff for no reason. Today I will be redesigning antagonists
As before, these aren’t actual suggestions I just do this for fun.
I do not know the lore or that much about the varying antags.
I am considering blood cultists, shadow cultists, and cosmic cultists to be the only cult variants and the syndicate to be made up of Second Sun(ssun for short) who wants to destroy Nanotrasen and Cybersun(completely made up) which want to take their position.
I generally prefer simplicity and dislike juggernauts and antags who primarily attack those around or have little reason not to attack those around since it lack roleplay(juggernauts don't have much reason to rp when they could just attack everyone).
I want to inculde round start free agents because i find it fun.
Also consider Antags to have nothing else not mentioned here
A note on conversion antags: giving anyone access to an antag is both dangerous due to idiots or griefers who just wanted a reason and perhaps unfun to those who dont want it. As such, putting up a pop-up to explain what you are and what you should be doing is good as well as giving an option to the converted to give up their body to a ghost to take control of the body, perhaps with notes from the previous person about what happened or how to act. Or a button to first such for admins. 
GENERAL DESIGN 
Split antags into majors, free agents, and minors.
Minors are antags that cause problems but don’t end the match if successful.
Free agents are stuff that could be a problem to nt but arent designed to directly cause issues 
Majors will basically round end if they ever succeed 


I’d denote these as the game modes for these antags, assuming 80 people


Normal: 1 major, 1-3 minors, 0-3 free agents
Bunch of snakes: 6-8 minors, 1-4 free agents
Pvpve: 4-6 minors, 1-4 free agents, and bigger station problems
Hard mode: 1 major, 4-6 minors, 0-4 free agents
Double trouble: 2 majors
Snake pit: 10-12 minors, 1-4 free agents
Solo show: 1 major
Calm days: 3-5 minors, 1-3 free agents
Third party: 1 major,0-3 minors, 2-4 free agents
Everyone for themselves: 3-5 minors, 4-6 free agents.
Big mess: 1 major, 3 minors, 3 free agents, much higher chance of conflicting objectives
Bigger mess: 2 majors, 5 minors, 6 free agents, much higher chance of conflicting objectives


For this I would like to denote a new mechanic as to stop round removal, brain death. 
Brain death is cause by attacking the brain or an action on dead people.
It causes the person to lose their job and forget who they once were. For the sake of kill objectives, it will count as a kill
Unless otherwise noted antags spawn as other crew roles
Factions: If multiple antags of the same faction exist they will gain a method of figuring eachother out and a note to treat people of the same faction as allies. Those within the same faction cant have opposing goals. Notable, Cybersun and ssun are treated as if they are allies but can have opposing goals. syndicate(Cybersun and ssun) have codewords. Wizards and cults have a spell which grants communication between eachother.
Faction uplinks: certain antags have mutiple factions they can be aprt of. In these cases along with their normal uplink, similar to the thiefs in nature, they have that factions uplink with far fewer points. Wizard and cult variants also don't allow acces to spells. 
In general, excluding generic stuff such as weapons and armor:
Second Sun has bombs and other destructive stuff.(ex: syndicate bomb)
Cybersun has covert sabotage and access tools. (ex:cybersun pen and jaws of life)
Wizards have a bit of everything and weird nonsense. (ex:slipocalypse)
Blood cult have weapons and allies(ex: broadsword and necronomicon)
Shadow cult has area control(ex: shadow anomaly generator and poisonous gas)
Cosmic cult has person fuckery (ex: dna scrambler like maybe emag)
Nanotrasen has a bit of anything found on the station or by ert squads. Being hired by nt includes a note to not give this away.
MINOR ANTAGS
thief:
Objective(s): steal x or more amount of points. points are the spaceo worth of the item modified by how easy it is to steal said item or how much it hurts others.(less for vending machine stuff, none for human brains, much more for illegal stuff etc etc) some items are highly wanted and thus are worth more points. sometimes has to survive and evac. Sometimes has the DAGD thief variant which removes the limit on harm except for brains.
equipment: the thief uplink thieves have now + an item which can be placed down and anchored. once anchored it can be activated and items placed inside it. activating it will cause the items placed inside to, after 30 seconds, be sent to a hidout outside of the map, allowing the thief to cash their stolen goods.(i think this has been done before?)
abilities: can steal items off people without alerting them and without issues others may face
Overall notes: causes problems by stealing needed stuff
changeling:
Objective(s): steal x genes. genes from animals only count once per species and are worth 1-ish points. each person can only be done once and are worth like 6 per unique species 4 per not. sometimes must survive and evac.
equipment: none
abilities: an ability to take some genes from a person but deal around 100 genetic damage over 30 seconds, an ability to take all the genes from someone crit, killing them, an ability to swap to mimic the body of fully stolen gene types. may also buy abilities the changeling now has access to either with points earned at the start or with points gotten by stealing genes, depending on severe preference.
notes: problem by due to non-permanently killing folks.


Hitman
objectives(s): mind kill select high-value targets for x faction(ssun,csun,cults, wizards, random third party, or rarely nt which increases the chance of targeting antags greatly.(targets will be of a different faction, excluding rarely nt hitmen). Sometimes must survive and evac.
equipment: An uplink with a select few items, primarily weapons and methods to access places. 
abilities: none
notes: an assassin antag is agiven. note they can also have targets on antags which i would say allows more minor antags. If major, i would make them not be told the exact person, rather the antag type and some identifying features that other people have as well(species or "4th character in name is t")


sabtour
objectives(s):(all objectives are either for syndies or wizards.) ensure research doesn't get more than x research points, ensure engineering doesn't produce more than x amount of power, ensure cargo doesn't earn more than x amount of dollars, ensure cargo doesn't deliver more than x amount of mail, ensure botany doesn't produce more than x nutrient worth of food.(can only target departments with people in them), ensure the station can not function(dagd variant) Sometimes must survive and evac.
equipment: An uplink with a select few items, primarily stuff made to acces areas, sneak around, and destroy stuff. Faction uplink
abilities: none
notes: I just think this is an interesting objective


Heretic 
Sidenotes: I do not like juggernauts, and I also just generally want a mini-cultist.
objectives(s): make the station open to the influence of Nar’sie(blood)/unknow(cosmic)/veros(shadow).(basicaly gain x influence points). Survive.
equipment: sacrificial dagger
abilities(all): can use the sacrificial dagger to make a 3x3 rune to their god, giving something that god likes to it will power that rune and generate influence points until it runs out of power. Stopping a rune early will cause problems unless done by the chaplain. Influence points speed is increases if the bible is removed from the station. Takes more damage and does less damage to the chaplain.
Abilities(Nar’sie): Nar’sie runes(orange) can be powered with blood only. Nar’sie runes when powered will sometimes turn random animals hostile to all but the heretic, along with giving said animals a buff visually and physically. They can draw blood out of anything a syringe can and keep it as a stackable item. Dropping a blood item will act as if you spilled blood.
Abilities(veros): Veros runes(purple) are powered by shadow crystals. Veros runes when powered, will make a pocket of shadows similar to the shadow amnoly in a random. They can absorb light sources, breaking them, to gain shadow crystals, which can be dropped like normal, but if activated or broken release temporary shadows. They can also see in the dark like normal, with the exception of it being greyscale.
Abilities(the unknown):unknown rune(blue and white) are powered by soul shards. Unknown runes, when powered sometimes make hallucinations of people. 
They can also absorb parts of peoples souls into a item with an interaction. This causes the person to take a bit of cold damage along with hallucinations to happen(*subtle rune nonsense to make up for the obvious method of getting such)
notes: they count as a separate faction to their cults. If they succeed before a hour or so into the match, they become a cultist of the requisite god. Though failing as a cultist will still let them succeed as a heretic.


Wizard
Objective(s):2->4 of the bracketed objectives[ mind kill select target, steal select item, ensure select department doesn't function(the sabtour objectives), ensure select antagonist completes objectives, ensure target person survives and evacs, and survive and evac back to ship] or die a gloryious death
equipment: a large shuttle, a orb which can look out into the station, a stone which can open communications with selected persons, and wizard robes. A uplink to allow for grabbing rods, spells, armors, shields.
abilities: a spell that allows a charged teliport to select locations on the station and back to the large shuttle where wizards spawn on. Spells gotten by the uplink.
Notes: Compared to regular wizard, this wizard has far less resistance and slightly weaker damage. Stuff like that Insta Gib spell is now an Insta Crit on a wand with a high cooldown. wands can't be used by non-wizards unless taught but can be disarmed or taken. Wizards spawn as a human aboard their shuttle. Wizards are to be interacted with caution and arrested if any signs of hostility are shown. They are meant to be a high chaos generalist role.


Free agents
Bodyguard: 
Objective: ensure 1-3 select people survive and evac for x faction(syndicate, cults, wizards, or nanotrasen. Targets wont be of a diffrent faction exculding nt targets). Sometimes ensure selected people complete their objectives. Sometimes ensure self survives.
Equipment: small uplink containing weapons, medicine, and other such items. A tracker for your target's location.
Abilities: none
Notes: splitting the help objective out of the other ones kinda just makes it a free agent more than an antag.

Malfunctioning cyborg: 
Objective: follow laws
Equipment: none
Abilities: on command adding of laws on a very long cooldown
Notes: about the same as before. Adding laws so that relawing it doesnt just un antag the antag but still allows relawing to matter

merchant: 
spawn: 1 person with their own id in a ship away from the station with a trading area.. Can spawn mid-round as a ghost role
Objective: earn x more money then they started with or buy x item.
Equipment: A uplink of crates of particular items. A request terminal for the ATS linked to their own money.
Abilities: none
Notes: think this is just interesting.

Mercenaries
spawn: 1-3 people with their own id in a large ship with personal rooms,a annocment console, a turret or 2, and a frontal cannon. Can spawn mid-round as a ghost role
Objective: earn x more money then they started with.
Equipment: A device people can send to contracts to using their money. uplink to weapons, armor, capture tools, medicne and explosives.
Abilities: none
Notes: Mercenaries are expected to try very hard to complete objectives.

informat
Objective: catalog very interesting information
Equipment: a device to send information to a off site location
Abilities: none
Notes: effectively a roleplay free agent. Just here to note down interesting stuff or steal the command training manual.

The clown
Spawn: can only get role if spawning in a as a clown
Objective: do something very funny
Equipment: none
Abilities: none
Notes: with how much clowns become problems for everyone making a clown but no longer limited by needing to help the crew is fun.

Runaway
Objective: survive and evac, keep your job.
Equipment: light uplink to x faction with access to spells chosen from a customizable list(any excluding nt)
Abilities: none
Notes: much more likely to be targeted by faction and noted as a runaway to those from that faction.

Apprentice 
Objective: learn x spells, evac without being restrained.
Equipment: a book with the randomized words/actions item recipe parts within. The book will tell what a couple of the words/actions mean.(ex: notes something as being for offensive, for being for projectiles, for being for fire spells, for making wands with fire effects, for being for manipulating the position of things.)
 Using the book can combine 3 actions/words to try and make a spell. Using the recipe can try and make a wand with three peices. If it goes wrong, it does some faulty effect relating to one of the three actions/words/recipe pieces. The wand will also break if wrong. Correct combinations create a new spell or wand the apprentice can use.
Abilities: a weak spell of choice and its combanation
Notes: I just think this is interesting.


Major antags

syndicates:
Nuclear operatives
Spawn: 3-5 members, spawn as regular crew. Or spawn on a medium shuttle as syndicate operatives as a late spawn variant.
Objective: ensure the nuke goes off. Individual members may also have the task to assist other syndies antags if they exist
Equipment: second sun uplink as they do now but limited to weaker items. Basic syndicate suits, IDs, and comms if on the late spawn variant
Abilities: can craft a syndicate broadcaster, which will allow all members to access stronger items and talk with eachother directly with comms. Can use the broadcaster to call in reinforcements for free if there aren't enough of them by this point. 
Notes: since regular syndicate is basically a minor objective and regular nukies dont interact with the crew before becoming a big problem, I combined nukies' objective with syndicate spawn and equipment


Revolutionaries 
Spawn: 3-5 members, spawn as regular crew. Or spawn on a medium shuttle as clear syndicate as a late spawn variant.
Objective: mindkill all or capture command staff, then use the syndicate broadcaster for a greater syndicate takeover.
. Must ensure 75% or more the station is not destroyed. May have a task to assist other syndie antags.
Equipment: Cybersun uplink as they do now but limited to weaker items. Basic syndicate suits, IDs, and comms if on the late spawn variant. Can use the uplink to get a special item which can 
Abilities: can craft a syndicate broadcaster, which will allow all members to access stronger items and talk with eachother directly with comms. Can use the broadcaster to call in reinforcements for free if there aren't enough of them by this point. 
Notes: never understood why revs had mass mind control abilities nor like it that much so I made them more like Syndies. If one likes conversion antags, taking a base where the antags have a clear loss condition seems better.


Cultists:
Blood cult
Spawn: 3-5 members, spawn as regular crew. 
Objective: have 4 fully filled blood portals, call Nar’sie into the world via action, starting a countdown till success that can be stoppped
Equipment: sacrificial dagger, cultist robes.
Abilities(runes): can use the sacrificial dagger to make a rune to Nar’sie, giving something that, depending on the rune, will power that rune and slowly cause it to fill up until it completes and gives some effect. running out of power for it will cause it to stop filling. Stopping a rune early will cause minor demons to spawn unless done by the chaplain. Influence points speed is increased if the bible is removed from the station. 
Encroaching runes(3x3): fueled by blood. has a low point requirement. Once powered will give a lot of influence points, making portal runes easier to power. While powered minor demons will start spawning randomly across the station. Too high influence points will cause spills of demonic blood to randomly spawn.
Empowering runes(3x3): fueled by blood and majorly by corpses. Has a medium requirement of points to be powered. Once completed, give many points for their uplinks to all cultists
Portal runes(4x4): fueled minorly by blood and corpses, majorly by sacrificing people to it. Can only be fully powered by sacrificing from a selection of people.  Has a high point requirement. Can only be made Once fully powered creates a portal which will create minor and major demons(ghost roles for both) as well as infecting the nearby area with meat anomaly like features.
Abilities: Takes more damage and does less damage to the chaplain. Can command demons they summon.  They can draw blood out of anything a syringe can and keep it as a stackable item. Dropping a blood item will act as if you spilled blood. 
uplink to blood cult items and spells.  Generally being damage spells and summons.
Notes: all cultists will be area control but through different means, blood cult is through summons. Those sacrificed get first choice on becoming demons.
Shadow cult
Spawn: 3-5 members, spawn as regular crew. Late spawn in a random location with the vessel for their god already and a small cloud of veros shadows in tow as clear members of the cult 
Objective: Have the 30% of the station consumed by shadows. bring forth Veros through a certain vessel. Consume the station in shadows.
Equipment: sacrificial dagger, cultist robes.
Abilities(runes): can use the sacrificial dagger to make a rune to Veros, giving something that, depending on the rune, will power that rune and slowly cause it to fill up until it completes and gives some effect. running out of power for it will cause it to stop filling. Stopping a rune early will cause those around to be temporarily blinded unless done by the chaplain. Influence points speed is increased if the bible is removed from the station. 
Empowering runes(3x3): fueled by shadow crystals and by simply existing in veros shadows. Has a medium requirement of points to be powered. Once completed, give many points for their uplinks to all cultists
Shadow runes(3x3): fueled by shadow crystals, has a low requirement. once powered, will spread veros shadows forever. Veros' shadows can't be seen through and deal cold damage to people within. Veros' shadows can be cleansed by very bright lights(flashes or floodlights). Can be sped up temporarily by adding more shadow crystals.
Puppet runes(4x4): must have 25% of the station in shadows to be drawn. fueled by buckling a living person from a finite list to it and taking a long action. Doing so will convert the person into an antagonist part of the cultist but with a strong power set, including naturally spreading veros shadows and fully power it. Fully powering the rune will give a uplink points and make shadow runes spread at double speed.(think of it like a win condition with a small chance of a comeback)
Abilities: Takes more damage and does less damage to the chaplain. Is immune to veros shadows. They can absorb light sources, breaking them, to gain shadow crystals, which can be dropped like normal, but if activated or broken release temporary shadows. They can also see in the dark and veros shadows like normal, with the exception of it being greyscale.
uplink to shadow cult items and spells.  Generally, being area control, runes and stealth tools.
Notes: direct area control. The vessel thing is because i think it's cool and want to force them to get a sacrifice like the others.
Cosmic cult
Spawn: 3-5 members, spawn as regular crew.  
Objective: charge the monument, call the unknown into the world.
Equipment: sacrificial dagger, cultist robes.
Abilities(runes): can use the sacrificial dagger to make a rune to then unknown, giving something that, depending on the rune, will power that rune and slowly cause it to fill up until it completes and gives some effect. running out of power for it will cause it to stop filling. Stopping a rune early will cause people around to be randomly teleported unless done by the chaplain. Influence points speed is increased if the bible is removed from the station. 
Monolith runes(4x4):  fueled by interacting with it. creates a new 3x2 stone monolith to the unknown only interactable and seeable by cultists. if one already exists, repositions it at cost to its charge. 
The monolith can be charged by inserting soul shards into it and by each unique person who interacts with it. It has a high requirement to charge. Charging it once and interacting with it will cause everyone on the station to be flashed and a warning to be put up while the cultists all gain some uplink points while their monolith becomes interactable and seeable by everyone. Charging it twice and interacting with it will make all cultists have an icon appear on their faces through all equipment, make breaking runes to break mind-shields, and allow for the unknown to be called into the world on a countdown. 
Breaking the monolith will cause all converted cultists to become unconverted and converted to lose all spells. The monolith can not be remade if broken. The monolith can be repaired with a light amount of charge or memories
Calling the unknown in will cause reality to minorly distort as if close to singularity centered around the monolith and change the background. 
Finishing calling the unknown will cause them to appear making all non-cultists die immediately while all who interacted with the monolith but are not cultists have every memory taken effectively giving the effects of revival after mindkilling. cultists becoming strong energy beings that can phase through walls and drive others insane. The unknown will slowly drive all those left on the station mad until everyone else is dead to win the round.
Breaking runes(3x3) can only be made and work when within sight or close enough range of the monolith. Powered by buckling a person to it and doing an long interaction. Doing so will convert non-mindshielded crew members into a cultist lacking the rune abilities. 
Empowering runes(3x3): fueled by each unique persons interactions with it or soul shards. Has a medium requirement of points to be powered. Once completed, give many points for their uplinks to all cultists.
Abilities: Takes more damage and does less damage to the chaplain. They can also absorb parts of peoples soul  into a item with an interaction. This causes the person to take a bit of cold damage over the next couple minutes and have hallucinations.
uplink to cosmic cult items and spells.  Generally, being mind manipulations, drugs, and weak passive buffs.
Notes: area control instead by a centralized objective that must be protected. The cult through there numbers must control an area